# V1.005 [FOR REAL THIS TIME!] The Readibility and QoL IV Update

## Bugs Squashed 
(Hopefully) (HOPEFULLY) Fixed offline exploit bugs, for the time being.
Fixed “toggle amount to buy” not showing default choice of “1” when new players start the game.
Several numbers did not display enough decimal digits and thus caused confusion or contradictory behaviors. Most of them have been caught and found.
Mythos upgrade 3x3 now works, after figuring out that mythos calculations were busted, so those too were fixed (what was fixed other than 3x3 won’t affect almost anybody reading this, don’t worry)
When moving from tab to tab on mouse, it no longer messes up your keyboard tabbing (so it’s more seamless than ever!)
Removed a dumb and stupid hidden textblock in the settings tab that sometimes got in the way of actual text.

## Misc. QoL
Autobuyers will now ALWAYS try and buy 1,000 per purchasing tick, if possible. Thus, autobuyers are no longer constrained to your “buy amount” toggle. This works whenever autobuyers are unlocked.
Max offline time increased from 3 hours to 8 hours and (hopefully) made the import feature work for offline time. If this doesn’t work you have the right to yell at me on discord thanks
You can now see when you are able to buy producers! If your automation is toggled off for a producer/accelerator/multiplier/boost, and you can afford it, the button will light up. If automation is on the button will never light up so as to prevent flickering colors. For runes the button will turn purple (because runes are always cool, okay?)
Crystal Upgrades will now light up purple when you can afford them, and permanently have a green background when you have unlocked the automator for them
The stupid and broken achievement for getting “obtainium based on your fastest reincarnation” has been entirely scrapped. In its place is a new reward: 2x permanent particle gain! This applies to all reincarnations after your first.
Researches 3x11 -> 3x15 sucked, they really sucked. A lot. They were so bad I’ve removed them from the game and replaced them with automatic obtainium and obtainium+ researches for both mid game and end-end game players! This is in replacement of the achievement bonus. You can purchase the red-bordered research in order to get started. If you had levels in these researches prior to update you will be refunded in full for what you paid for them. Enjoy!
Challenge text is made just a wee bit more clear for reincarnated players.
Because it looks so good, the discord server avatar and the picture linking to the discord in game was changed to a pic submitted by Omsi! Looks so much better than before.
Autocompletion used to suck. Now it’s good. Autocompletion can now complete more challenges before it can’t any more. Number go up!

## Readability [MAJOR]
As the patch notes reflect, the background is now a dark grey instead of a pitch black. Some other colors have been adjusted as well. This is in order to increase the accessibility of this game to players who have trouble handling the contrast between black background and bright colors. The intended effect is to reduce eye strain on the player, especially if they play for a longer period of time. 
Bright red text was converted to a less bright crimson
The buildings and upgrades tabs no longer give physical eyesores, since the tab is now orange instead of purple. Transcend and challenge tabs are now purple instead of plum as that is also less bright.

## Code
synergism1005

To use the promo code, go to Settings → “Import the Game Here” button, and put in the code like so: 


Using this code will give you 25 Quarks (Shop coming soon, btw!), and 0-300 offerings, depending on your game progress:

+15 for transcending
+10 for getting achievement 7x2 [Transcend #2]
+10 for completing challenge 3 once
+15 for completing challenge 5 once
+25 for getting 1e2500 total coins in all runs
+25 for reincarnating
+40 for completing challenge [6] once
+60 for completing challenge [7] once
+100 for having reincarnation upgrade 2x2 purchased.
Maximum: 300 Offerings for having completed the list. List is roughly in order of progress.

Code expires on v1.006. Have fun and thank you for playing Synergism! The game wouldn’t be a success without YOU :)
