# V1.006 → Automation, Displays, Challenge QoL, frogs: Oh my!

## Bug Fixes
Addressed a couple autoprestige bugs that were kinda bad in the past. Rip those affected.
Reset autobuyer might have toggled some bad things to happen, oops!

Autocompletion Challenge was completely broken and went beyond the highest ever completed. That’s my bad! It’s been fixed.
Fixed offline progress not giving the right number of obtainium.

## Automation changes → RESET!

I’ve heard your suggestions and oh boy do we have a great feature today! Now, you can toggle a second option for each type of reset, AMOUNT, or TIME.

### Amount
Same as before, except the text underneath is a little more clear as to what autoreset does. It also now applies the same way for Reincarnations!

### Time (NEW!)
Place how many seconds you wish to wait before a reset, and if your timer for that reset tier exceeds the given time, then you will reset! This still assumes you can reset normally, of course.

The negative number bug has mostly been squashed at this point. You should no longer be able to input a negative number and have it work!

## Challenge QoL
This update adds 2 new hip features for the cool kids:
Now, when you finish the requirements for a challenge, you automatically exit the challenge. No more having to click/press to exit!
In the settings tab you can now toggle “Retry Challenges”! When this setting is on, you will re-enter the same challenge IF you have completed the challenge successfully. This works in both normal and reincarnation tier challenges. No longer are you forced to spam 1/E!

And now, a little nerf: the autocomplete researches will now only work up until your all-time highest manual challenges completed. And the autocompletor is a little weaker than before the update. If you wish to clear more challenges automatically, you gotta do it yourself first!

## Display Changes

I’ve added a few new handy information/metric spaces for y’all!
Upgrades tab now shows the name of each cluster of upgrades.
Challenges now display your highest ever completions.
If you have automation ON for: Prestige, Transcend, Reincarnation or Accelerator Boost, the corresponding button on the top will light up Green; If you’re in a challenge OR reincarnation challenge the corresponding button will light up Purple- like so:

Researches now display some teaser information about future content. Because I do plan on adding more to the end game! =)

## Balancing
Unfortunately, we need to balance a couple things so the game can expand healthy later on.

Obtainium from reincarnations are now reduced if you reincarnate too fast. Obtainium gain is multiplied by (reincarnation time / 30)^2 measured in seconds, for the first 30 seconds of a reincarnation.
Reincarnation upgrade 2x5 was buffed, quite a lot. Having this upgrade can extend the multiplier above to 60 seconds giving you a 4x multiplier after 60 seconds. I’ll also further increase your obtainium gain up to 1 hour, making 1 hour reincarnations the best way to get obtainium through active play. This was done to discourage making instant reincarnations and active play too much of the meta. New content will be balanced around a more idle gameplay, while still letting active players gain more.

Mythos 3x3,3x4 and 3x5 are now hardcapped at some very large number in the distance. Enjoy figuring out what that hardcap is!


## Code
As always we got a code for you! A small treat and my gratitude for your continued support of synergism!

CODE: synergism1006

Go to settings → “Import the game here” and type it into the box as shown:

Because of the nerfs and balance changes, I’m making this a little better than the last code! You can gain between 25 to 100 Quarks and 0 to 400 Offerings based on your progress in game.
