**EDIT 3**: V1.0081 is out! Fixes transcend issues and hopefully the reincarnation achievement not awarding properly. Also a free code: transcendlol - put that in the usual spot (if you don’t know read down this page) for free Quarks!

WARNING: IF THE UPDATE FAILS TO LOAD FOR YOU, PLEASE REFRESH. THE SAVE SYSTEM WAS CHANGED AND PERHAPS THE CAUSE OF THE ERROR IS THIS CHANGE. I AM SORRY FOR MAKING IT TAKE TWO ATTEMPTS FOR SOME PEOPLE.

**EDIT 2:** A hotfix was released which fixes maximum obtainium/offerings in calculation for the proper reincarnation upgrades. Enjoy!

# V1.008 → Achievement expansion & UI overhaul, Upgrade fixes and more! Also a preloader if your game just won’t load right.

## Achievement UI Overhaul
Looks better, doesn’t it? Here’s the rundown:
* Added 21 achievements, bringing the total up to 168, with 147 currently obtainable (depending on your definition of obtainable)
* We’ve removed the scrolling element by placing achievements vertical instead of horizontal!
* You can now see your total progress for all achievements on top.

Also, several achievements have had their reward descriptions fixed. NOTE that none of the actual rewards have been changed so don’t fret.

## Tickrate changes
1. In old versions, the game would be a pain when it came to tickrate. If your tickrate fell under the optimal 40 ticks/second you would be missing out on a lot of things like time on your current run and obtainium, not to mention base coin rate for those just starting out. This has been fixed in the following way:
2. If your browser is focused on the game (i.e. you’re not having the game in a separate tab within the browser), the game will calculate ticks as normal, except if your computer cannot handle 40 ticks a second it will “simulate” the game as if you did, giving a multiplier to all production based on how far under 40 ticks a second you go.
3. If your browser is NOT focused on the game, when you return to the game you will be updated on production. This means, for every second you are not focused on the game in the browser, the game will do a LARGE tick, for 40x your production. This update happens every second to allow time-sensitive things to progress like resetting and obtainium gain to work. Note that this has a maximum time limit of 7,200 seconds giving you 7,200 big ticks!

This fix hopefully also fixes a previously existing issue where sometimes shards/crystals/atoms would sometimes overproduce on the first tick!

## Upgrade text fixes (You’re a wiazrd, Harry!)
Most of the tpyos and incorrect effects in the description have been alleviated. Some of the reincarnation upgrades are more clear as to what they do (e.g. the reincarnation upgrades now state explicitly if they affect automation of obtainium, and 1x2 now states it is affected by time multiplier due to reset)

## QoL because we all love a little bit of Q-olity (nice joke plato)
1. Achievements now roughly display in the order in which one progresses through the current content, and columns are hidden if you are not far enough into the game.
2. Hotkeys can now trigger achievements for the sake of it, because who doesn’t like that? (Note this might still be broken my bad if it is)
3. Upgrades 3x4 and 3x5 in reincarnation upgrades now have a multiplier based on Highest Ever obtainium and offerings. Once you’ve hit the max multiplier for these you are free to consume to your heart’s content! [Reminder, the hotkeys for the rune tab can save a whole lot of clicking!]
4. Researches affecting rune effectiveness now state that it doesn’t affect all rune effects; recycling is not and will not be affected by runes. Sorry!
5. Research 4x5 (the expensive accelerator boost one) now gives +3 per boost instead of +1 per boost.
6. Researches 5x7-5x10 now display the price range for upgrades in that particular row.
7. Research 5x10 now costs way more than before. If you bought the research before update (why would you??) You got your obtainium back. Rebels.
8. Recalculation of mythos/particles to now include higher tier buildings before lower tier ones. This should be a minimal but yet positive difference for speedruns, or whatever.
9. Almost all green text in game has been replaced by a more user-friendly limegreen color template.
10. Obtainium prices and main display now show all digits of the number instead of shortening it. This will come in handy later but for now it looks way cooler to see exactly how many obtainium you have! This only takes effect in the Research tab, as it is still shortened within the top portion of the UI.
11. Added a preloader for the game.

V1.009 will have challenge 8 unlocked, designed for end-game players who are currently sitting on a pile of obtainium and offerings. Also the shop will open up experimentally, without any real life element to it, while I figure out a good balance and also talk to Kongregate about implementing the Virtual Goods API!

# CODE
synergism1008

Put this in your import button in settings for 25 quarks and some offerings based on progress. Expires v1.009. Enjoy!
