# V1.007: The IRS strikes back + Achievement Award Fixes + Upgrade Fixes and all that cool jazz

**NOTE:** v1.0071 is a hotfix to 1.007. Make sure 1.0071 is the version showing on the settings. Important changes include making tax less punishing and buffing e10k crystal upgrade. Also tax+ scales from 3 → 12 from 0 to 25 completions instead of 25 → 162.5; enjoy!

## Taxes
Taxes have been revamped to make more sense and prevent glitchiness especially in the Tax+ update!

## WHAT’S CHANGED
* Tax will scale about 10% slower than before the update, regardless of how much progress you’ve made in game.
* Instead of being based on your held coins, Tax is now dependent on your income, much like real life amirite folks? Up top.
* Instead of tax simply being a divisor to your production, it will now serve as a capacity to how many coins your rich selves can produce before society collapses and you cannot make more!
* When you’ve reincarnated, your tax message will say the following message instead of the old message:

This means that, after you have that many coins at hand, your production will be limited to that number every tick, so upgrades that negate tax are more useful than ever!
This also fixes a long standing issue with cheesing challenge six through resetting mid-challenge for the single-tick production to overcome the heavy tax burden. No more tax evasion ;)

As is, this change is likely not a huge nerf to almost all players. This may affect people in the current late end-game but most people won’t have to worry about a cap… yet.

## Achievement Award Fixes
1. Offering recycle now tracks the proper achievement column, so there’s a chance your offering chance has changed from the previous version.
2. Tax- is now awarded whereas it didn’t before. Consider this your Tax refund.

## Challenge fixes and some QoL’s
1. The manual autoretry will now go up to the maximum set by your research levels! Enjoy!
2. Oh and also the highest manual updates properly like it should have.
3. Challenge 4 now properly credits with building cost delay. Fun fact, it used to track challenge SEVEN instead of four. What a dummy Plato is amirite? Anyway this was nerfed to 0.5% per completion, but hey, it’s better than 0% because it works now!
4. Tax+ now has a less harsh tax scaling coefficient (100 -> 25) but increases at a faster rate for each completion than before the update.

## Bug Squashes because I hate pests apparently
1. Hopefully any tax-related jumps in production were fixed, the only exception is if you very quickly increase in production within the boundary of your capped coin amount. Sorry if the latter applies to you.
2. You know that annoying CSS thing with the overlaying text? Yeah, I hope I fixed some of those for you.
3. Certain upgrades that didn’t work as shown now do work as shown.
4. Certain texts that didn’t display properly now display properly.
5. Reincarnation (TIME) now actually tracks your TIME in the reincarnation.
6. Hotkeys no longer prompt a window with a confirmation, if a confirmation would have normally displayed. This is more a temp. Fix than an actual bug fix but I did it so I’m going to include it in these here patch notes.
7. Fixed a could tpyos in game
8. Runes will no longer sporadically level up multiple times after having purchased the upgrade that gives all runes 3 exp per offering used. The EXP required will no longer show crazy amounts although it is not retroactively fixed so you might have to work down any outstanding amount of EXP down.

## QoL → General
1. Buttons now properly light up even if you don’t have an autobuyer unlocked (looking at you, Diamond/Mythos autobuyers!)
2. Accelerator boosts can now be purchased in bulk if you have transcension upgrade 2x1 purchased. Manually they depend on buy amount in Building Tab, and automatically they buy up to 9,999 at a time!
3. Research 3x11 is now green-bordered to signal that it’s a srs business upgrade that should be considered.
4. Researches 1x8, 1x9, 2x10, 3x9 and 3x10 now have different pictures to represent different type of research from the others in the sequence. Big thanks to @Omsi for contributing the amazing art for those researches!
5. Reincarnation upgrade 2x4 now works for automated obtainium as well, because it wasn’t clear if it did before the update dropped due to the upgrade description.


## Code
synergism1007

To use it, go in settings, click on “import the game here” and type in the code exactly as shown, case sensitive. You will get 50 Quarks!  The Quark shop is coming sooner or later! Enjoy.
